Add brief CLI doc to README (#933)
argoproj-labs/hera: README.md

### Optional dependencies

#### cli

> - Install via `hera[cli]`
> - [Cappa](https://github.com/DanCardin/cappa) is required for the `cli`. The CLI aims to enable GitOps practices,

Reviewer: Current wording sounds like users have to install cappa themselves
```suggestion
- Install via `hera[cli]`. The `[cli]` option installs the extra dependency [Cappa](https://github.com/DanCardin/cappa) required for the CLI
- The CLI aims to enable GitOps practices,
```

  easier debugging, and a more seamless experience with Argo Workflows.

> - The CLI is an experimental feature. At the moment it only supports generating YAML files from workflows via

Reviewer: Extra warning/emphasis at this point would be helpful
```suggestion
- **_The CLI is an experimental feature and subject to change!_** At the moment it only supports generating YAML files from workflows via
```

>   `hera generate yaml`. See `hera generate yaml --help` for more information

Reviewer: Up to you to tidy up line lengths lol
